DTS release v1.2.0 (#541)
Dasharo/docs: docs/variants/msi_z690/firmware-update.md

### Dasharo Tools Suite

> The DTS allow to perform automatic firmware update process which is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DTS allows performing automatic firmware update process, which is the
```
